{'self-employed': ['True', 'False'],
 'num-employees': ['1', '1000', '500', '5', '25', '100'],
 'tech-employer': ['True', 'False'],
 'tech-role': ['True', 'False'],
 'has-mental-health-benefits': ['False', 'True'],
 'know-mental-health-options': ['False', 'True'],
 'discussed-mental-health': ['False', 'True'],
 'has-mental-health-resources': ['False', 'True'],
 'anonymity-protected': ['False', 'True'],
 'mental-health-leave-ease': ['0', '1', '2', '5', '3', '4'],
 'comfort-discussing-health': ['0', '1', '2', '3'],
 'discuss-mental-health-supervisor': ['False', 'True'],
 'discussed-mental-health-employer': ['False', '0.0', '1.0'],
 'mental-health-talk-employer': ['nan',
  'discussed anxiety disorder and desire to WFH more \nfrequently. they honored this request with no problem.',
  'awkwardness',
  'I had to take leave for several days due to a mood episode that caused me to be hospitalized. My boss was supportive and asked basically no questions.',
  'It was very difficult and uncomfortable for me to do so. It was clear to me that they did not know how to deal with mental health conversations. My manager was curious but clearly not informed, and HR was very political. Ultimately, talking to my employer about my mental health led to no positive change and only increased anxiety.',
  'I have anxiety. I have taken days off because I needed a "mental health day" and I have been clear about that to my manager.',
  "I was in rehab for Major Depressive Disorder and suicide attempts, upon going back to work I disclosed my condition to my HR head. Later it was denied that the disclosure happened and they tried to remove me for lack cognitive ability to do my job, they then agreed to send me for the correct testing and two days later I was let go. HR also discussed intimate details with Employees, Directors and anyone who'd listen.",
  'Described issue, supervisor was supportive and anything I needed in terms of time off suggested',
  'My manager met with me privately to check in because he was getting a vibe like something might be wrong.\n\nHe is also a friend outside of work so I felt comfortable telling him that I sometimes have a few days or even a week where it can be difficult to get through the day due to depression and anxiety.\n\nHe said to let him know if there is ever anything he can do to help, whether that means scheduling regular mental health days, taking longer or more frequent breaks, or even just talking. He also made it clear that there would be no questions asked nor judgement passed were I to do any of those things.\n\nIt was the first time I had ever discussed my mental health with an employer. Yes, he is also a friend, but in that moment he was my manager and he was doing an amazing job.',
  'Discussed anxiety and unjustified feelings my job was at risk.  Employer did not offer any meaningful response',
  "I have a tendency to downgrade the severity, so when I initially brought up my mental health we acknowledged it but didn't speak in-depth on it. Since breaking the ice, I've become comfortable breaking up mental health issues and negative feelings with my supervisor, who has been very supportive. We came up with a plan on how to better support me, encouraged taking PTO, downloading the mental health app our company pays the subscription for, and letting me emote at her when I'm overwhelmed.",
  "I expressed that I was feeling burnt out, anxious, and stressed. My manager helped me realize I haven't taken a vacation longer than 1 day since February so he encouraged me to take a week off within the next month",
  'Only discussed to give them context for my behaviour. Employer appreciated the context, but no action was necessary.',
  'I told my supervisor that I have bipolar disorder and that approximately once every 1-2 months, I needed to get ketamine infusions. He was very understanding.',
  'primarily venting anxiety.',
  "They didn't have any problem to my surprise. \nI was expecting them to look down on me. I recognize I have a lot of stigma.",
  'Was going through a period of Anxiety and Depression. Discussed with my manager and requested to change my work profile so that I could relax my mind.',
  'I stated that I suffer from Bipolar Disorder. I notified them that, despite being medicated and mostly stable, he should expect me to call in sick and/or take leave because of my mental illness between 2 and 4 times a year, based on previos years. They stated that was not a problem and that, if need be, I could ask for time of short-term, rather than needing to adhere to their two week policy. They thanked me for my frankness and stated I could talk/arrange things with the company apointed confidential counselor rather than my manager if that made me feel more comfortable. I thanked them but declined, stating I prefer being open about my mental health issues and keeping both my teammates and maner in the loop.',
  'Good open conversation. Reaction was positive.',
  'I have told him that during a stressing period I had to go to the phycologist. He took it as non important issue',
  'Burnout',
  'I\'ve had mental health disorders since 20 years. Some year ago, I suffered from a serious depressions again and finally left work for about a year.\nMy employee, namely COO, CEO and staff manager, were like "we are glad you talk to us. We\'ll help you wherever possible." And they did, they helped me and my family with financial issues, helped me finding a psychiatrist and even sent colleagues to drive me to a doctor when I wasn\'t allowed to drive the car by myself. \nAfter getting better, I had a warm welcome in my company. Now, one year later, they still occassionally ask like "Are you fine?", "Please mind your health", ...\nIt helped me so much to know my employee had that vast understanding.',
  'My boss and I have vaguely discussed it. He asked me why my week wasn’t as productive and I said I’d been struggling with mental health due to covid etc. I don’t really know what the outcome was? It was weird. He did offer information about resources and all that but I already know about and use those.',
  'During a presentation; supportive',
  'Was feeling super stressed and needed some time off and it was no problem',
  "I used to suffer of agoraphobia and panic attacks. I still deal with anxiety. Most of the time I can handle it, but a couple of times I felt a lot of pressure. I talked about this with my manager and he completely understood and helped me overcome everything, either by recommending me to rest, giving me more resources (people)... I absolutely can't complain. They make me feel safer and able to tackle whatever it comes.",
  'Notified manager of anxiety and panic attacks. Allowed time off work to recover',
  'Conversations about stress and timelines we raised. They asked what they to do to relieve some of the pressure',
  'Yes',
  'My immediate supervisor is an active advocate for NAMI so it is easy to speak with them on any current issues I am having. I got lucky in that way.',
  'I am agoraphobic and it is a primary factor in any employment I seek',
  "no one shouldn't tolerate any form of oppression in 2019. my employer asked me if I really knew the personality of the my n+1, no action has been taken and I left the office",
  'We regularly discuss burnout both in a top-down and down-up manner.',
  'I only told my manager of my mental health condition because I couldn’t keep my commitment to a business trip. My manager and HR director were supportive but no help was offered and the conversation was quickly forgotten.',
  "I was having some issues in the team I was working in, firstly with my appointed coach, and later with the lead-link of the circle I was part of. Unfortunately the counselling itself didn't work, and I chose to join a different circle, where I am myself in a position to help others with some of the issues I had.",
  'Disclosed depression and anxiety diagnosis to direct manager and asked for flexibility with PTO, etc. They were receptive',
  'Stress of work, tiredness',
  "I have regularly scheduled meetings with my manager weekly. If I feel that my performance has suffered because of my mental health, I try and mention that during those meetings. He listens and has shared his own experiences with anxiety and productivity concerns, and usually asks if there are any resources I'm lacking, or if the organization can support me more in any way. Because we have open discussions within the org, generally annually as a part of Mental health awareness month, or in times of stress like the onset of lockdown, I felt like open communication was a better option than leaving it unsaid. It also really helped that the first response from my manager when I brought up these concerns was empathy / sharing his own personal experiences with me, so we've built a very trusting relationship.",
  "They asked me why I was going to the doctor so much and I told them that I was having panic attacks, but that it wasn't really serious. They responded that I was really young and to take care.",
  'I have some problems with mental health before my job',
  'I was facing mental pressure due to new work and less time for learning and even I was in the middle of my MBA, at that my leadership took the step and helped in getting everything sorted with extra time.',
  "When I was first diagnosed with anxiety and depression, I told my manager what I was going through. I also talk freely about going to therapy and have had conversations in the past when a medicine change had some impact on my performance at work. I speak about mental health in tech at conferences and events, so I'm very comfortable talking about this with employers.",
  "my statements were discounted and ignored. my words were heard, but they weren't listening. my career manager then proceeded to speak to me exactly how i expressed i needed them to not speak to me, in repeat, in circles. i was left so upset and unsettled i was unable to sleep for the following two nights. \n\nthis happened multiple times, when i expressed concerns to HR, my grievance/concerns were written off.",
  'I discussed my bipolar disorder diagnosis with a manager',
  'I had severe depression and disclosed it to my co-workers.',
  'It had to do with increasing stress levels and low motivation, due to lack of structure, multiple workstreams that divided our team into small units. Also i observed some increased aggression in me.',
  'I had described the actual situation to my manager and they showed sympathy and given some time to recover.',
  'I have had several mental health episodes and got called for "conversations" with my supervisor as a result. In one case I was referred to some counselling. In another case I had some in-house conversations. At one point I was told that if they were hiring for my position again they would not choose me because I am too risky, and they are right.',
  'I described having a panic attack. My managers reaction was calm, cool, and accepting. No actions other than time off',
  'I talked about being overwhelmed and unable to handle even the slightest noises or stimuli due to complete burnout. My supervisor appeared to be understanding but from my perspective it felt like she kept turning it back to me to determine the solution and I had no idea what to do. A week or so later I told her I had to quit due to having no more care to give. At that point she seemed to realize how seriously I meant it and we brainstormed solutions including allowing me to take 2 weeks of PTO. She also encouraged me to come up with creative solutions and boundaries to prioritize my stability.',
  'She asks me on a permanent basis. I have the feeling I can go to the councillors and I feel well supported.',
  'The amount of stress and depression being caused by the pandemic as well as building anxiety. Was encouraged to take mental wellness time at my discretion without taking PTO as well as encouraged to make sure that I also used PTO if I needed continuous level-set.',
  'My boss was pretty ambivalent. Seemed uncomfortable and unsure how to react. Nervously started talking about experiences she had that were not at all like what I was describing to her. I think she was *trying* to relate, when what I really needed was to feel heard. No actions were taken and honestly left the conversation feeling drained and a little dismissed.',
  "I mentioned that I've been distracted & less than full productive due to stressors in my life.",
  'I talked about the strees I was undergoing  and that sometime I fear that the pressure would prevail. They were very concerned and asked me what was the cause and the situation was improved.',
  'My fiance was suicidal and work stress was immense. This had me stretched very thin, depressed, and in danger of a mental breakdown. Leadership was inexperienced but supportive with assisting.',
  'I had a burnout (another after 10 years) due to a combination of adhd, mental health issues and not doing anything about it. When I called in sick my manager was very considerate and thinking along with me. They gave (and still give) me the time to recover and re-integrate back to work.',
  "I mentioned that I have social anxiety and that certain social tasks were more difficult for me. Their reaction was mostly unhelpful. They monitored me more closely in making sure the social tasks were completed on time, but didn't provide any other support.",
  'I told them I was struggling, that was it, there was no reaction or action taken apart from reducing plans for my future workload',
  "Asked for a day off ask hadn't slept because chaperoning my parent who tried to kill themselves the night before",
  "I took a medical leave and explained why. They were initially understanding but didn't express much interest to help, a very cold reaction. No actions were taken.",
  'Mental health of family members',
  'Asked for flexibility in scheduling for treatment',
  'I told my direct manager about my ADHD diagnosis, and we discussed potential changes to my work style/schedule to help.',
  'Imposter syndrome, got reassurance of my abilities\nfrom their perspective',
  'Discussions around my ADHD were superficial but beneficial to the relationship with my supervisors. Discussions around stress, anxiety, and depression were equally superficial but beneficial. No repercussions and general support for my needs. Thankfully at this time my needs are within what might be considered "normal" and I hesitate to speculate on more extensive accommodation requests.',
  'I informed my direct supervisor that I have PTSD and requested that I am able to remain a remote worker as an accommodation under the ADA. I left my last employer because they refused to make accommodations and an EEOC mediation did not resolve the issue. My current employer has been great.',
  'very encouraging',
  "We discussed it and some options for how to resolve what I've been going through.  Mostly it was related to burn out and we've not really resolved the underlying issue.",
  'Need to accommodate work schedule, being transparent about my mental health status and how it is affecting me at the current time',
  'Mine was a burn-out. This was diagnosed by a doctor. The conversation went very well with my supervisor. They were open to the issue and understood the need for help and time',
  'Just a normal conversation',
  'Told him I was feeling depressed and grumpy. He was supportive.',
  'about a depression,  they were open to give me the time i needed to get well.',
  'It was understood and my employer offered support',
  'I talked about why I had a rough month and it was totally understood.',
  'I had a really difficult time focusing at my job at one point in my career.  My supervisor shared with me about a time when she had a problem with her eyes and she encouraged me to get my eyes checked.  It turned out that the place I had recently moved into was making me sick.',
  "Hi boss, I'm tired with this project. Could I take leave to refresh my mind? And he said, of course",
  'I needed to take a month off of work in order to address some mental health issues I was having, and my bosses were all very supportive of it.',
  'I was supported and encouraged to seek professional health.   My supervisor then continued to follow up in a kind considerate way.',
  'When I joined the company, I gave an intro to myself in a company all hands meeting which I explained I suffered with mental health, and that I was there if anyone wanted to talk to someone who understood what they might be going through. I received a lot of encouragement from the entire company',
  'I warned them about some relationship issues I was having and how it was impacting me. They were very supportive and open.',
  'They appeared to be ok with my weekly therapy sessions; however, I scheduled them during my lunch break. Also, I was laid off before I went on Short Term Disability. Therefore, it felt like I was "quiet fired" due to the duration of time needed.',
  'Explained I was struggling with anxiety and depression. He thanked me for telling him. That was about it.',
  'I discussed the anxiety and depression as symptoms of my adhd. They were understanding and helped make some adjustments and accommodations.'],
 'discuss-mental-health-coworkers': ['False', 'True'],
 'discussed-mental-health-coworkers': ['False', '0.0', '1.0'],
 'mental-health-talk-coworkers': ['nan',
  'discussed about the work load',
  "Dismissive. I am male, and as a result no one really gives a shit how I'm doing.",
  'accepted',
  'Feeling streed out, lack of sleep, tired',
  'Skip',
  'I´ve mentioned that when I was Young (14) I went through undiagnosed depression after my mother died and how I was able to pull myself out of it. I am praised for being strong and capable.',
  'Feel depressed sometimes and colleagues were supportive.',
  'I bring up my mental health without being very specific as a way to inform coworkers about my tendencies in a team environment. I speak often, I pitch ideas, and I appreciate being called out when I go overboard. They are usually very thankful and responsive if I work with them on a daily basis, but coworkers that are not part of my team tend to not respond as well.',
  'I just mentioned I felt very stressed and burned out and they acted mostly quiet, with some being undertanding.',
  'we have discussed anxiety and speaking with therapists to get help.',
  "Many of my co-workers are depressed, not all the time but most of the time, I've helped a couple through basic conversation but it's usually when they are stuck they come to me.",
  "I have become increasingly emboldened to discuss my mental health due to the positive and supportive culture in my company. It is difficult.\n\nI used to make regular excuses for not attending social events or for bailing on plans, but at some point I decided to disclose to a couple of close work friends that usually I am just feeling depressed and need to recharge.\n\nThey responded with genuine concern and understanding without bombarding me with questions. They really helped normalize the whole experience.\n\nI've since opened up to even more of my coworkers and each time it becomes a little easier and feels a little lighter.",
  'I have been open with a couple coworkers aboutr my mental illness.  They reacted positivly as they are dealing with their own issues.',
  'Dont remember the name of the issue anymore.. It was some years ago...',
  'silences',
  "Some of my coworkers I'm still uncomfortable speaking to about my mental health, but I'm very comfortable with most. I tend to open up first about my own mental health issues and then they disclose their own. It's been a really rewarding bonding experience, but I definitely still try to choose who I speak to about it.",
  'Prefer not to answer',
  "I spoke mostly about learning that I likely have ADD late in life. Co-workers either didn't really react or reacted positively.",
  'discussed about divorce and',
  "I shared with two people, both people I supervise, that I have a serious mental illness. In both cases I wish I hadn't. One person seemed to respect me less and the other person was just uncomfortable.",
  'couple of times I had started feeling overwhelmed and reacting impolitely with team mates when there was something wrong. When I told exact details that I did not ment to be like that but I am feeling streesed these days and unable to stop myself.',
  'mainly venting stress & anxiety',
  'Discussed past issues with anxiety. Did not discuss any current challenges.',
  'When we have more pressure on work, they started giving less work.',
  'private conversation with one other person that has anxiety',
  'They reacted quite well and in a supportive manner.',
  'There is a strong, connected employee network where I work. While the company does not specifically and officially have a mental health conversation, there is a mental-health slack channel and groups of people that care deeply about this topic.',
  'Spoke to a couple of colleagues about how I have panic / anxiety attacks. What typically triggers them.',
  'I informed them I have Bipolar Disorder and explained to them what that means, how it affects me, how it might effect my work and what they can expect from me if things go poorly. They expressed gratitude for my frankness and offered support and encouragement.',
  'I told them that i was going through or close to depression and they tried to support me',
  'Burnout',
  'Talk about bouts of anxiety at times; very supportive coworkers',
  'I frankly discussed my mental health issues with some of my colleagues. They were quite understanding and while most of them never suffered from mental health issues themself, most of them new others with mental health issues from their family or friends.',
  'Mostly discussions of burnout, checking in with each other.',
  'We spoke about stress and how we handle it during times when work becomes overwhelming.',
  '1. I told my coworker I was dealing with situational depression because I didn’t want him to think I’m lazy or not passionate about what we do. He was supportive, he’s really nice. He mentioned he understands and doesn’t think it should be taboo either and later we became friends. My other coworker who I told recently was really nice and understanding and great. But there are a lot of people in the office that I wouldn’t want to discuss it with.',
  'feeling stressed',
  'During a meeting; supportive',
  'We talked about the kind of work we were getting and how stressful wfh is getting.',
  'Just that I was feeling stressed and needed to take a day off',
  'Our director is mobbing every one and most of my coworkers feel and share the anxiety',
  "I have only talked about it with close coworkers, people I feel very comfortable with. They reaction was good and understanding. However, I wouldn't talk about mental issues with any peer.",
  'Openly discussed anxiety and panic attacks as a talk during an away day. Reception was largely positive',
  'Effect of COVID and being forced to work from home',
  'No',
  'It was with a specific coworker that has also had issues in the past and has let that become common knowledge. There is a known history others in my group at work to have sought out and gotten help.',
  'We were just talking one day and subject got brought up and we shared our stories about our experiences.',
  'What is my condition (agoraphobia) and how it effects my work/employment.',
  'i regreted this conversation',
  'We regularly discuss burnout and the mental energy effects of different work initiatives',
  'It wasn’t really a conversation, just dropping hints. I struggle to start the conversation.',
  'It was other people who also had issues too so it was basically a normal conversation.',
  'At the beginning of the pandemic we were all working from home, and I started to feel less motivated, and I felt a bit sombre.\nI was able to mention this in the stand-up we do every morning, and at that moment I got some help from our coach, but also we started to have the coffee and Friday afternoon chats on our meeting platform.',
  'Something about been stressed about deadlines',
  'ok',
  '.',
  'About anxiety and covid. They gave me advice what to do and how to overcome.',
  "It depends on the coworker, I've had very supportive and close friends of mine be concerned and offer resources to support me.  At other times I've seen people shy away and want to not continue the conversation, either by directly saying so or by non-verbal communication.",
  'Discussion of our individual diagnoses and experiences. Everyone I spoke with was open about their own struggles and respectful of mine',
  'We talked over lunch of mental health in the tech field is and their experiences',
  'Mentioned therapy',
  'Used words such as feelings and felt like in the conversation.',
  'I have a few confidants that I regularly speak to about anxiety. One of them started at the same time as me, so we have daily meeting on the calendar that we sometimes use if one of us needs some emotional support. We use it to lament about our knowledge gaps, pair program, chat about our personal lives, or help each other figure out how to talk about how we\'re feeling to our managers / co-workers. We also use it to validate each other into taking mental wellness days when we\'re anxious about taking too many because it\'s not a "real sick day" or we took "too many already recently".',
  "I've had several conversations about this over the years. On my current team, a few of us have mental illnesses. We openly talk about therapy, share when we have bad days as well as victories.",
  'when i am blank in taking decisions il take break from work',
  "i don't recall details, however it was aimed to demonstrate my familiarity with some challenges they were facing in their own lives",
  'Tell me how you cope',
  'in order to support two different reports, i shared details of my own struggles with each of them',
  'I shared that I struggled with a mood disorder. I only shared this with a select few people, and it was regarding a broader conversation about mental health. There was little in the way of a meaningful reaction since the discussion was already open.',
  'I sent an email describing my condition. They were all very supportive and sent me "get well" cards and notes.',
  "I have bipolar disorder and I was having a difficult time with side effects from a med adjustment, I told a coworker about it because I was worried it might seem like I wasn't working as hard. There wasn't really a reaction, I don't think they knew how to respond.",
  'It was really about their mental health. After seeing them being disconnected and sort of absent, i approached them about it, to learn is there something i could do or we as a team could do to provide support.',
  'Yes, discussed with coworker and they suggested some solutions',
  'I have had to go to my car for anxiety attacks, my coworker was really understanding and covered for me',
  'When I had certain issues come up my coworkers witnessed them and I had to apologise.',
  'bzhakaksja',
  'I told a trusted coworker that I have bipolar and about my struggles. They reacted very acceptingly',
  'We have frequent check-ins and informal meetings',
  'Very positive. Felt very reassuring to them that they were not alone in their struggles.',
  "I've had conversations with members of our Neurodiversity/mental health group that have gone really well. I never really shake the feeling that I am oversharing though. For my other coworkers, I bring it up and feel heard/seen or validated in varying degrees but again, most of the time it feels like I've taken my clothes off. I have a few coworkers that I can be vulnerable with but mostly I'm left feeling cold.",
  "I've discussed my ADHD in my current role and previous role, and my bipolar disorder in my previous role. I chose to share it once I felt comfortable with select coworkers and was met with support - they also then shared their own diagnoses.",
  "Discussed feeling disconnected and unmotivated, didn't fully open up about how we were struggling",
  "I've shared my personal information only with the most select group of trusted co-workers.  Ones that I've known for years and across multiple positions.",
  'Neurodiversity chat room conversations, work-life balance/burnout conversations',
  'Hard conversation, mixed reactions. Worst reaction was that I was making stuff up to get off work.',
  'in',
  'Spoke to another dev how depressing our job can be. We both learned we felt the same way in being in a dark place.',
  "Ive discussed my stress and depression, steps I'm taking to recover, and requested their help with work assignments. They were inexperienced in discussing mental health but supportive.",
  'I had an episode and went to the hospital. It was a panic attack. My direct manager took me there and stayed until I got accepted. I\'m bipolar 2 and after this episode I started to be more open about my illness. It may be just an impression, but my coworkers started to be really careful about me and anytime they asked me about it it was "how are you?", "are you feeling better?", they were never capable of using the word bipolar, for example, as if it was a taboo of some sort.',
  'I told my colleague about my adhd and depressions. My colleague was really interested in my story and offering a helping hand if necessary.',
  'Happened too many times for me to remember just one conversation',
  'I discussed problems related to apathy and mood states and they responded empathetically.',
  "Suicide, bereavement, depression, types of therapies, parents' concerns for their kid's mental health. All sorts",
  'Slack conversations about ADHD, Autism, Anxiety',
  "I've mentioned therapy and anxiety and possible ADHD",
  'We talked about both having anxiety & depression and the techniques our different therapists have recommended for us to do.',
  'Causally talked about depression, they understood and shared their feelings and thoughts with me too',
  'Discussed theirs and my health - including ADHD symptoms.  This is easier when you share a mental condition with another. there is built in empathy (and some element of safety by being vulnerable to each other)',
  "Don't remember",
  'Talked about my experiences because I knew they were going through struggles.',
  "I've posted in our mental health Slack channel a bit about my ADHD diagnosis, and got some advice about Adderall. The reactions in that channel were supportive and welcoming.",
  "I told that I'm stressed more and more and we have to fix our processes and my workload to fix it.",
  'Understanding coworkers who shared some of their struggles as well.',
  'I have had discussions before with coworkers regarding my PTSD, some coworkers are sympathetic but for those that are not it is a way to interpret every interaction as pathological',
  'Stress related',
  'they felt the same like me',
  "Co-worker shared a disorder they were suffering from. I let them know they weren't the only one--that I also suffered from a mental disorder. It was good all around.",
  'Mainly speaking about stress and tey all had felt it.',
  "I talked about anger, patience, frustration y and how to recover my self from those bad feelings by getting advices from wise persons on my Baptist Church, reading Bible and having time to think... They commented things like I'm so balanced with my emotions (what I think is not right all the time), I use the correct words and tone to communicate with others and have an equal treatment with everyone...",
  'I tried to explain some of my reactions (due to my depression - diagnosed by a psychiatrist). They listened to me and seemed to understand me',
  'During a mental health slump, so they know why I am not acting like myself for a period of time',
  'Again normal',
  'Discussed depression, frustration. They said they felt the same way at times.',
  'I have talked with coworkers about navigating grief and feeling depressed during those times moreso than the ongoing depression and anxiety I work on .  Some coworkers are exceptions.  But there was not a lot of open talk of how the pandemic was making work harder, and I felt that was not very healthy for us, and it gave the pressure to contribute at the normal levels as before we had kids and partners working in the same house.',
  'Talking about stress, or anxiety, all of us in my team have the same kind of issues, in fact one of us has renounce to his job because of it.',
  'talked about how i was feeling, and why some of my reactions to a situation we had was caused by my depression. he understood, but did not seems to want to be there',
  'General discussion about the importance of maintaining a healthy mental health while working in IT. Receptive discussion.',
  'Explain how I feel about something that happen, they understood it and experienced the same.',
  'I always suggest my coworkers to take leave for holiday',
  "The employees at our company are generally quite open discussing mental health problems at work. It's not uncommon to hear meetings get ended so someone can go to their therapy appointment.",
  'I shared some of the anxiety and fears I have about upcoming projects - I believe it lead to my coworkers also sharing some mental health concerns they had at the time.',
  'I explained my issues with PTSD',
  'There is one I speak to about them fairly often. He even checks in on me and we discuss some of the challenges we each face.',
  'I was talking about my panic attacks or that I was too tired from my work. The reaction was - gosh..you too overthinking, just relax and be happy',
  'Indifference',
  'The co-worker I work with the most and I talk about mental health all the time and are very supportive of one another. But we are also good friends outside of work.',
  'A coworker and I discussed our similar mental health issues and diagnoses. It was mural beneficial.'],
 'coworker-mental-health-discussion': ['False', '0.0', '1.0'],
 'coworker-mental-health-talk': ['nan',
  "Extremely similar to mine. I try to be supportive but ultimately there's nothing I can do, and seeking professional help is almost always dismissive.",
  'He told he is under pressure because of project deadlines and not able to communicate with the same because of ego',
  'N',
  'Negative personality, psycho',
  'Past experiences with mental health',
  'My coworker was just talking about the leader of the group, as she was sick an no on one knew the reason. My coworker was guessing that she is suffering from a burn-out.',
  'In my team we serve as a support system, especially under stressful situation, never it was a diagnosed case because we all are able to get through with each others help. I´ve heard other managers had leave of absence because they were going through mental health issues, some time after we talked about therapy and how it worked for them. Sometime it makes me interested to try some abstract concept of therapy because the regular ones, I am sure I am able to deal with it myself.',
  'they informed me they were manic/depressive and under medication for this',
  "I'm usually able to sense if someone is going through some sort of mental health related difficulty and I let them know that I'm there to listen or talk. They often open up about what is going on, specially if I share my own hardships first.",
  'When I left a company i was working on, one of my coworkers sent me a private email wishing me luck and admitting we wanted to leave too as he was feeling very unhappy and unrewarded with his work, and becoming depressed with it.',
  'Anxiety and seeking counseling for help',
  'Feelings of constant darkness, lethargic no will to get up in the morning, no reason outside of a pay check to be there (very tough job market in South Africa), feelings of under achievement and the fear of never accomplishing anything.',
  'General conversation about therapy',
  'Coworker told me they were dealing with depression and anxiety, and worried everything was going to go wrong.',
  'Years ago... dont remember anymore..',
  'One of my coworkers also sets their Slack status to "At therapy" often. I had just onboarded onto that team, so I reached out to them to let them know how much I appreciated it. From that conversation, we ended up talking about some of the ways we both want to improve our mental health and we grew a lot closer.',
  'Discussing how to deal with depression related absence from work',
  'I spoke about likely having ADD and the problems/reasons why resonated with them.',
  'his divorce',
  "One of the people I supervise confided in me about a mental health concern of another person I supervise. It was extremely helpful. I reached out to him and we had a long, honest conversation. I thanked the person who confided in me profusely and believe she'd do it again.",
  'couple of the time co workers talk about their forgetfulness, slow or low IQ and aggressiveness.',
  'Positive/constructive conversation about their suboptimal mental health',
  'Trouble with supervisor',
  'same as above',
  'Talked about their struggles with self-confidence.',
  "That he couldn't sleep, shut down, he needed to seek professional help",
  'that person had anxiety and we discussed it',
  'talked about the causes of frustration/anger witnessed in a co-worker.',
  'Coworker has a mental health issue but did not feel like they could not seek the help they needed.  I talked in to getting the help they needed.',
  'He was explaining why he took the day off sick. It was kind of formal.',
  'They were depressed and wanted to know if I knew a therapist or Dr I could recommend',
  'Similarly in a dedicated #mental-health slack channel. Different folks coping day to day',
  'Various co-worker have talked to me about, mostly negative, situations they went through in the past relating to their mental state. Occasionally a co-worker will inquire about how I got help and/or raise a concern about their own mental state.',
  'Some have told me they were going through depression and some had to take some antidepressants',
  'Coworker had anxiety and needed someone to listen',
  "I'm not comfortable answering this question",
  'The talked about their anxiety with me. It was a one-on-one conversation.',
  'There are a couple people at our company that I’m actually friends with. They’re all women and/or gay which is kind of telling and not surprising. We have all discussed mental health briefly, some in depth. One of them has discussed their depression and medication and all that with me. Another has mentioned their mental health mostly in relation to being a transgender person. Those conversations all went well. The last person and I just talked recently and they only told me they have dealt with mental health, but also that they usually keep it private and don’t want to talk about it at work.',
  "At coffee, in response to a previous conversation - discussed cw's anxiety",
  'Was about substance abuse',
  'Our director is mobbing me and some of my co-workers and most of them feels and share the aniexty',
  'Effect of COVID and being forced to work from home',
  'Pass',
  'Again, the subject just got brought up about our stories and how it happened and came about.',
  'Alcoholism, Agoraphobia, FOMO, imposter syndrome',
  'Primarily burnout and the drain of different projects',
  'There are too many conversation to describe in detail but my colleagues have spoken to me about depression and suicidal feelings.',
  'Stress about life events (divorce), stress about dealing with doctors to get back on medications they had been previously prescribed, anxiety and distraction issues.',
  'Person dealing with depression and wanted suggestions about how to deal with it; they knew I have a parent that deals with it and wanted to learn more about what we did.',
  'The co-worker in question had some anxiety issues with the team the person was in. That was the moment that person was able to talk with me. \n\nWe talked about the issues the person was having, and later the person thanked me for listening, and decided to take a position in a team that was not toxic.',
  'Same as my answer',
  'They just said they had burnout',
  "My coworker felt stressed at times when he couldn't balance his personal financial stress and work pressure leading to frustration and losing interest to work.",
  'ok',
  '.',
  'said he was bipolar',
  'A coworker told me they were very depressed, and I listened and recommended some mental health resources to them for additional support.',
  'A coworker shared their experience with bipolar disorder',
  'Severe migraine or feeling ill and will be taking the rest of the day off.',
  'A common conversation I\'ve had is "I feel like such shit today, but I took two sick days last week and I just feel like it\'s too many." To which the response is usually "mental health should be a priority, and you should rest if you need to". We also talk about imposter syndrome a lot and how we constantly feel like we don\'t know what we\'re doing and how we feel like everyone is smarter than us. But how that\'s also clearly wrong, and we\'re just mentally ill. I\'m lucky to have someone that shares so many feelings with me.',
  'family problems',
  'nothing specific',
  "After I began speaking on mental health in tech, coworkers came to me asking for support or just telling me it was reassuring to know they weren't alone.",
  'when i am blank il take leave',
  "it wasn't my business, and details of a colleagues experiences were shared with me by their supervisor",
  'I have ADHD',
  'struggling with feelings of not belonging, anxiety, depression, imposter syndrome, migraines',
  'My coworker discussed her issues with depression with me.',
  'A coworker told me about having high anxiety and that they needed to take Xanax to make it through the workday.',
  "My coworker shared that they had experienced a total burnout because of too much pressure at work. There were very strict deadlines that they couldn't make which resulted in big fees for the firm. They had to go to many professionals and felt really bad mentally. They couldn't work for months and had to quit their job to stay home and take care of their mental health.",
  'After directly asking, whats going on, how could we help, the coworker told me his situation and we could reorganize to allow him to have more time to deal with his personal situation.',
  'He explained me his problems',
  'Mostly just passing mentions and gossip.',
  'We connected over anxiety',
  'about depression, its clicical, and theraphy treaments',
  'hshajwjwj',
  'My coworker talked about their anxiety and stress level',
  "I've had several coworkers tell me about codependency and addiction struggles. I usually try to listen, empathize, and validate but sometimes I think that results in me reinforcing learned helplessness or victim mentality. It's tough to find that balance of encouraging acceptance and also empowerment. Which I guess is the whole point of the serenity prayer. Also, I realize that I probably haven't fully answered your question but my focus struggles... due to mental health :)",
  'We speak about discrimination and its mental health effects and much more (like hormonal swings....)',
  'How we could best support and check in with each other',
  "Because of my affiliation with the ERG I mentioned previously, I've had people reach out to me on several occassions to talk about their own mental health - in varying degrees of crisis. I do my best, but I often don't feel equipped. My goals this year are to complete training such as Mental Health First Aid so that I don't do more harm than good in these situations.",
  'Once I shared my own, other people felt comfortable sharing theirs.',
  'Discussed how they were feeling unproductive/isolated while working from home',
  'Talking about different therapists, medications, conditions with several co-workers',
  'This person opened up about suicidal ideation and things that sound like longterm depression. I told them I was touched they trusted me enough to share and recommended seeking a professional for help. We also hung out for hours talking.',
  'same as last question',
  "How she has been feeling a little off lately and doesn't feel like working. Maybe the monotonous routine was taking a toll on her professional and personal life",
  'One of my team was killed in a car accident. I met with the team as a group and each individual with several discussions.',
  'Happened too many times to recall',
  'Bereavement, depression, therapy experience',
  'Multiple coworkers have talked about work stress and it contributing to depression, physical ailments, and, 2 cases, having to take significant time off. Many also left the organization due to mental health issues.',
  'Slack conversations about ADHD',
  'Again, mostly about therapy and anxiety',
  'They discussed their specific mental health issue and how they had or were working through it.',
  'See the question before',
  'They shared how they were having a hard time focusing and doing work.',
  "Don't remember",
  'once i mentioned my issues, they opened up about theirs (anxiety/depression)',
  'burned out',
  "I've had a coworker discuss his experience with ADHD, and I've also had discussions about depression.",
  'Coworker share with me his mentalproblem',
  'I was supervisor of this person. My team has much trust to me, so this person talks about the topics that make frustration more and more.',
  'Conversion derived from a common understanding around circumstances and similar struggles.',
  'They said that they needed to take a week off',
  'I have worked at companies which on paper support diversity and mental health. Many coworkers have shared with me that they struggle with depression or manic depression or ADHD or OCD',
  'Migrain related',
  'they were very open',
  "We had concerns about a colleague and her struggles at home w/partner's illness combined with her heavy workload. We talked about ways to take work off her plate and how we can best support her.",
  'They described (currently) having an issue with depression.  (I am their team leader.)',
  'Co-worker described a mental health issue of their own.',
  'coworker was stressed, we talked about things and tried to help him through it',
  'See previous answer',
  'was a issue with him performance in job, was to wrong in certain time, he got so frustrated and lost north, he thought that would be fired and then he did something that put him in the right way giving advices on what and how was his process, after that everything goes right!',
  'Co-workers are also experiencing burnout symptoms.',
  "They needed time off for mental health. There weren't really any details.",
  'They talked about fears they were experiencing and how they thought it impacted their productivity.',
  'One of my teammates talked to me about feeling isolated and disconnected from the team as he joined while the team was fully remote.  And he had dealt with a breakup during the pandemic, as well, so he felt detached from a community at work and was living alone.',
  'Again we discuss about our stress and how we can help each other',
  'General discussion',
  'They talked about what did had negative influence on there mental health and why.',
  'The coworker told me that another coworker will sometimes take days off of work for mental health.',
  'Three different occasions, all relatively serious issues. One of which involved asking the police for assistance.',
  'After sharing some mental health struggles I was having a coworker approached me for advice on how to deal with a similar issue he was having.',
  'My coworker talked about things they were learning in therapy.',
  'I was friends with them outside of work and knew what they were going through. There were very obvious signs to others. In the end this person was inflicting harm on themselves. I would just make myself available to talk to them.',
  'He just informed me why he was not in the office the last month.',
  'They opened up to me about issues they were having and how it was effecting their concentration and cinfidence',
  'He struggled with depression and would lose a lot of productivity. He apologized and I would help him with gentle reminders of due tasks.',
  'just about how tired they are of doing their job and burn out',
  'Same as previous. My closest coworker talks to me on a regular basis about their mental health',
  'I’ve had coworkers mention their anxiety and ask for advise about managing that with their work.'],
 'importance-physical-health': ['5',
  '4',
  '8',
  '10',
  '9',
  '6',
  '7',
  '3',
  '0.0',
  '2',
  '1'],
 'importance-mental-health': ['5',
  '4',
  '8',
  '2',
  '6',
  '0.0',
  '9',
  '7',
  '3',
  '10',
  '1'],
 'mental-health-coverage': ['True', 'False'],
 'know-mental-health-resources': ["No, I don't know any",
  'Yes, I know several',
  'I know some',
  'nan'],
 'reveal-mental-health-clients': ["No, because it doesn't matter",
  'Yes, always',
  'No, because it would impact me negatively',
  'Not applicable to me',
  'Sometimes, if it comes up',
  'nan'],
 'effect-reveal-mental-health': ['nan',
  'Positively',
  'Negatively',
  "I'm not sure",
  'No change'],
 'reveal-mental-health-coworkers': ["No, because it doesn't matter",
  'Yes, always',
  'No, because it would impact me negatively',
  'Not applicable to me',
  'Sometimes, if it comes up',
  'nan'],
 'impact-reveal-mental-health': ["I'm not sure",
  'Positively',
  'Negatively',
  'No change',
  'Not applicable to me',
  'nan'],
 'productivity-mental-health': ['Yes',
  'Unsure',
  'Not applicable to me',
  'nan',
  'No'],
 'percentage-affected-mental-health': ['1-25%',
  '76-100%',
  '26-50%',
  'nan',
  '51-75%'],
 'previous-employers': ['1', '0'],
 'previous-tech-employer': ['1.0', 'nan', '0.0', '1', '0'],
 'previous-mental-health-benefits': ["I don't know",
  'Yes, they all did',
  'nan',
  'No, none did',
  'Some did'],
 'aware-previous-mental-health-options': ['N/A (none offered)',
  'Yes, I was aware of all of them',
  'nan',
  'I was aware of some',
  'No, I only became aware later',
  'N/A (was not aware)'],
 'discussed-mental-health-previous': ['None did',
  'Yes, they all did',
  'nan',
  'Some did',
  "I don't know"],
 'previous-mental-health-resources': ['None did',
  'Yes, they all did',
  'nan',
  'Some did'],
 'previous-anonymity-protected': ["I don't know",
  'Yes, always',
  'nan',
  'No',
  'Sometimes'],
 'previous-comfort-discussing-health': ['Physical health',
  'nan',
  'Same level of comfort for each',
  'Mental health'],
 'previous-discuss-mental-health-supervisor': ['No, none of my previous supervisors',
  'Yes, all of my previous supervisors',
  'nan',
  'Some of my previous supervisors',
  "I don't know"],
 'previous-discussed-mental-health': ['0.0', '1.0', 'nan', '1', '0'],
 'previous-mental-health-talk-employer': ['nan',
  'I was very overwhelmed and my manager listened.',
  'In my last job, it only finally came up on the day I was fired. They were supportive, having obviously recognized it, but the position was a pressure cooker and it was too late anyway. In the job before that, I went to see one of the HR managers for a referral after most of a week just unable to get to work, and she handed me list of counselors but that was the end of everything. Other signs like anger management issues had been long ignored.',
  'i dont know',
  'das',
  'Explained problem and agreed I should see doctor.',
  'i am suffering from stress',
  'She saw that I was not feeling well and asked me about it. In this moment I was so emotional that I had to talk about it with her.',
  'Very depressed, was booked off for 1 week, recharged batteries and continued doing my work',
  'Prefer not to answer',
  'I informed my manager of a mental health issue and the need for regular, frequent, couseling sessions.  He was supportive.',
  'I had severe insomnia and mania and required hospitalization. My supervisor suggested I take the needed time off before I did! She was wonderful and very supportive. When I came back, she continued to show she cared.',
  'I was making silly errors in the work and it was because my boss was bullying me continuously and I was suppressed and stressed. Then in 1-1 with him I discussed about the same. He reacted wisely and asked to take my own time and relax. But at the same time he continued doing same things. So I has to put resignation there.',
  "I spoke, at several previous jobs, about burnout, it's effects on my ability to deliver.  And discussed potential short and longer term solutions.\n\nAt one previous job, when a coworker died unexpectedly, grief counselors were made available.",
  'I have ADD and worked with formal employers on how to best handle some of the issues at that time.',
  'I only had the opportunity to talk about my feelings. No actions were taken.',
  'More or less the same as my current employers (see question 2.p.)',
  'Burnout',
  'dont remember',
  'I was having a hard time because of the work pressure and my employer gave me some days off',
  'Varied between employees. Notified all of anxiety and panic attacks. Some supported, others just ignored it',
  'Yes',
  'I was asked if I wished to speak with HR about it. It was not a pleasant experience',
  'It was when I found out I had an anxiety disorder mixed in with depression and I had to let me boss know at my retail job why my work was starting to faulter.',
  'It was a show of false compassion. Nothing was done to help or even  encourage pursuing help.',
  'Explaining agoraphobia and the effects on my performance',
  '.',
  'i said I have been diagnosed with bipolar and i need a break',
  'I was having difficulty with some new depression meds. I needed time off to deal with the side effects which were making me seem "crazy". She was kind and understanding.',
  'I didn\'t feel comfortable going into details, as I didn\'t want it to turn into a therapy session. So I generally kept it vague enough to seem like it could be physical illness: "I don\'t feel well, I think I\'ll go home"',
  'They asked me why I was going to the doctor so much and I told them about my panic attacks. They told me I was young and to take care.',
  'I told previous employers about my diagnoses as they occurred and asked for support/accommodations as needed.',
  "they didn't care in the least (in a negative way)",
  'I discussed my diagnosis of bipolar disorder',
  'Provider additional support',
  "Reactions were respectful, but they didn't fully understand it in the ways that I do. I feel as though this is due to the, not having to ever really deal with it, or lack of exposure to mental health issues among family members / close friends. Not a bad thing, just a lack of exposure to it.",
  'I told one supervisor that I was close to breaking down and he expressed sympathy. Because I was a contract worker there were zero supports for me.',
  'Only one boss. He gave helpful advice and later became my mentor. Sometimes he gave unhelpful advice (like, pick yourself up by your bootstraps kind of advice) but he would listen and I would feel that he heard and understood.',
  'Indifference really. The type of place where they pretend to care but were only interested in the output.',
  "I was undergoing a lot of pressure from the emolyers to complete a poc. When confronted about the stress it provoked they didn't react and did nothing. I quit the job.",
  'I was working too much and started to perform worse that it was supposed to be, given the amount of time I was putting. I was not aware at that point, but I was probably about to have a burnout. We went to this meeting, just three of us, to discuss technical related topics. At some point, my performance became a topic and I ended up crying. My coworker and manager were really understanding and made me feel comfortable, even though I was really afraid of crying in the workplace.  Till this day, I have a really good friendship with this coworker. By the way, this experience happened in another country (from the previous question). The previous one happened in Germany and this one in Brazil',
  'Same as my current employer.',
  'I could not fit in with a psychiatric patient and my former employer responded empathetically by providing help and equipment.',
  "One was very understanding. another didn't seem to factor it in much",
  'I told my problems, employer was not able to understand.',
  '"Hey, I have to quit due to a burn out" - "okay, thx, bye, take care"',
  'I revealed my struggle with depression, anxiety, PTSD, and Autism. The conversation was very positive, however, my position was terminated 3 months later after they took away most of my responsibilities.',
  'Shortly after Covid lockdown began, my mental health took a sharp turn for the worse. Anxiety due to my PTSD became heightened.  I talked to my direct supervisor and told him what was going on and ask that he make adjustments to my work assignments to help me out. He said he would but never followed through. I got a lawyer and requested accommodations. At this time my supervisor used the information I shared with him regarding my PTSD to directly provoke reactions from me. My doctor suggested I take a medical leave, which is exactly what I think the employer wanted. They used it to get rid of me.',
  'Discussed the stress of helping my father along his end-of-life journey and how to manage the workload during this time.',
  'Was feeling overwhelmed. Left the jobs.',
  'discuss my absence with the HR team.',
  'While going through a traumatic period, it was my supervisor at the time who encouraged me to see a therapist before things got really bad.',
  'I can, at times, suffer from extreme anxiety in meeting situations. Fortunately it does not in anyway way effect my work, and my colleagues actually seem to care & take an interest. As for actions, not much was needed aside from understanding that occasionally I may just leave a meeting. Not exactly life changing :)',
  'Not comfortable putting it online. But got some time off plus reduced time when returned with no impact to my salary.',
  'I explained I was having some intrusive thoughts that involved some very disturbing images. They responded by helping me get in touch with medical providers and counselors.',
  'I was talking about professional burnout. the employer encouraged me that everything would get better, and then raised my salary',
  "I had weekly in-person sessions pre-COVID and had to request time off. Unfortunately, I ran out of PTO, so I had to meet with our benefits administrator to discuss my options that didn't interfere with the work day.",
  'i was fired from my last full-time role at Booz Allen for my mental illness. they blackballed me, had it marked as “poor performance” though there were no indicators i was in any way insufficient, then fought my claims for unemployment benefits. i never was able to get unemployment.',
  'Explained that I was struggling with anxiety. The supervisor suggested I reach out to our employee assistance program for more help.',
  'They actually brought the subject up based on how I responded to situations at work.  They were very supportive and when I made the decision to terminate my employment (I was missing a fair amount of work because of my condition), we parted on very good terms.',
  'I mentioned my anxiety and adhd and that I wanted to make some changes to help me. She basically said it was my problem to figure out on my own.'],
 'previous-discuss-mental-health-coworkers': ['At some of my previous employers',
  'Yes, at all of my previous employers',
  'nan',
  'No, at none of my previous employers'],
 'previous-discussed-mental-health-coworkers': ['0.0', '1.0', 'nan', '1', '0'],
 'previous-mental-health-talk-coworkers': ['nan',
  "Mostly they have been supportive. I've also discussed other's mental health issues and have tried to be supportive as I can be.",
  'dasd',
  'Told them. They were sympathetic.',
  'i am suffering from stress',
  'I had to co-live with my college groupmate when we had an internship in the same company, so he was exposed to my panic attacks and other adverse reactions. Because of that, I had to explain my backstory and where these issues came from. After the talk, he has become more accepting and protective',
  'I told people who have become my friends outside of our working relationship about panic attacks and stress I believed to be related to work. They reacted with concern, saying "that\'s not good" and offering to take some of the workload from me. They also encouraged me to "calm down" regularly, and we all participated in some unhealthy drinking habits formed around the free-alcohol culture of the office.',
  'Same as my previous answer.',
  'Experiences with depression and therapy, how both affected my work, life and relationships',
  'Sometime i discuss personal prob with my coworkers. not everyone but with few specific coworkers who are close to me and they understnd the feelings.',
  'The conversation took place after leaving the company. When discussing the cause for the abrupt resignation he was shocked at some of the thoughts and issues I was dealing with, but nothing changed, in fact things got worse after I left.',
  'Sharing my depression experience. Their reactions were mainly to listen and to tell me that they are present',
  'A few of my previous coworkers are now one of my best friends. The discussions has been specific and generic. I have discussed my anxiety, which is better today – the feeling of not being enough. My mental health has never been diagnosed by a doctor.',
  'I was feeling overworked, sick due to a long strategic project on which I was working at the same time I was going through domestic voilence, so I discussed this with one of my collegue and close friend, She was sympathetic to me and tried to be with me more during those days.',
  'shared stress & anxiety',
  'Talked about past anxiety with a trusted coworker. They were comforting.',
  'I worked with friends (outside of work life) and that familiarity extended to coworkers not in that outside friend circle.  But the level to which we were all willing to discuss our mental and physical health was much more open.',
  'Most of the coworkers i have discussed this with were supportive.  A lot of it has to do with a comfortably if discussing the issues.',
  'My anxiety is situational and VERY obvious when I am having an issue dealing w situation',
  'I mentioned I am feeling frustrated',
  "I've just exposed my feelings and he was worried.",
  'About anxiety with the amount of work given.',
  'My previous coworker become one of my best friends so we discussed lots of difficult subjects.',
  'With a close friend/coworker; supportive',
  'dont remember',
  'talked about each of our struggles with anxiety and panic attacks, coworker had similar experiences as I did and we just discussed how we dealt with that',
  "I told them that I was planning to make an appointement from a psychologist. They tld me that I shouldn't loose more time if I feel like I need to",
  'Yes',
  "I told them that something was wrong and I couldn't describe it but something mentally was wrong and I knew they had been going through the same thing, so I asked them what it felt like and it matched.",
  'Discussed in depth to mostly non-judgement, however, if I was fully transparent about suicidal ideation, the support crumbled.',
  'Agoraphobia and the effects',
  'I was just sharing some like experiences.',
  "My previous employer was a bit of a special case, it was a small e-commerce company with about 15 people working in it.\n\nAt some point the company itself was having a very toxic atmosphere created by some of the co-workers working with me.\n\nI started discussing the issues I had with a co-worker and we were both relieved that we shared some of the issues that we saw. Unfortunately we couldn't change much of the company, so we decided both on different times that we had to leave the company itself.",
  'understandable',
  'j',
  "We talked about how the job wasn't fulfilling. How my boss was treating me. They were sympathetic.",
  '.',
  'Same as before.',
  'I have a good friend that know about my mental health issues. We have discussed both of ours at length.',
  'depression and they were supportive',
  'coworker committed suicide',
  'I would only talk about it within my friend circle, which included a friend from college who I already knew suffered from mental issues. We both talked about our depression, anxiety, and suicidal ideations.',
  "Since mental health in tech became such an important topic to me, I've made myself available as a resource for others to discuss this with. Sometimes, people just want someone to listen. Sometimes, they want advice or support. I do my best to provide that.",
  "my career started 23 years ago, i really don't recall details",
  'brief conversation without much depth',
  'shared re anxiety, depression',
  'I shared I had a mood disorder -- the conversation was already related to mental health and challenges surrounding it.',
  'Provided expected support and additional care',
  'I told my coworker about my anxiety and depression, all the stress that I am under and have experienced due to family issues, university and romantic relationships. They were very supportive and gave me advice.',
  'Talked about my struggles with depression',
  'I mentioned feeling overworked, anxious and burned out. They reacted not surprised, like it showed in my face and behavior.',
  'I was lost my mom while I was at my previous workplace and they were very supportive',
  'Most of the time, it was "I don\'t like to talk about it because that is how I was raised." I work with a lot of Hispanics, and that seems to be how a lot of them were raised in my own personal experience.',
  'I tried to help somebody who was going through a difficult time and shared some of my experiences. I do not think this was the right thing to do. It took focus off of their experiences.',
  'how are you',
  "I'm very open and seek to share my story. It was well received.",
  'Discussed stress/insomnia.. co-workers tried to assist but inexperience made it difficult.',
  'It was the outcome of some episode. I had to be open and tell them what was happening. After that, they became more understanding, but sometimes in a bad way, like if I was not capable to handle pressure as I would be before they knew about the illness.',
  'It felt awkward, so I tried to make it sound like a joke',
  "I had a coworker who was a close friend when I was going through a very contentious divorce. She had been through a similar situation. While I was at the office, my ex threatened me and I reached out to her to let her know I was crying in one of the offices and thinking about suicide. She immediately rushed to me and comforted me. She asked if she could let our shared coworkers know that I was having a hard time without mentioning any specifics, and when I agreed she followed through. My coworkers on that team were very supportive. I don't think I could have kept working without their support.",
  'Just general chit chat',
  'We constantly talked about how we were doing emotionally and kept each other company.',
  'Feelings',
  'Talking about stress/motivation but not revealing anything that could be seen as weakness, not able to participate at full capacity',
  'I mentioned that I was seeing a counsellor during the pandemic, as it had left me quite stressed out.',
  'sharing of details about stress and anxiety',
  'At one company we had an informal mental health support group',
  'discussed how we felt pressure and sometimes felt depressed',
  'I did explain what happend, why I have quit the job',
  'We are regular in sync about our problems resulting from our work.',
  'When I was really struggling I disclosed to several coworkers my PTSD.',
  'I mentioned struggling with stress and anger management. Was encouraged to seek a professional. When I did that, it was largely dismissed and doctors were not listening to my concerns about how treatment was going.',
  'Recognizing the symptoms of depression in my co-worker, I recounted my own struggles with depression at different times in my life.',
  'Love headache',
  'Usually bellyache about boss and complain.',
  'discussion about pressure to constantly improve',
  'It was in solidarity with her, when she described her own issues.',
  'Depressive symptoms, anxiety with workload. Provided suggestions and coping options',
  'I just mentioned that I was really struggling with depression and they were very sympathetic.',
  'was topics about burnout and stressful situations with the company clients, lies about benefits the company "offered" to us and confrontations with the employer that didn\'t have any effect... reactions were very disappointed and a feeling of no hope and start to search for a new job',
  'Same as of the current',
  'During a tumultuous team time, I talked with coworkers about the impact it was having on my mental health.',
  'Details of the aforementioned traumatic period were discussed with several colleagues, both during and after.  They were universally supportive, fortunately.',
  'I explained my fears and anxieties and he was supportive',
  'My teammates also lived with a mental illness, so it was nice knowing that I could be open with them and them with me. We were able to talk through things if we needed to.',
  'some supportive, some went behind my back and used information to file slanderous complaints with clients or hr. i was charged with doing and saying things i didn’t do or say. i learned that nobody could be trusted, and identity politics and advocacy doesn’t include people like me',
  'On a regular basis talking about what’s going on in our lives and the mental health issues that affect us ie, anxiety and depression',
  'Just that I was struggling and wanted them to pray for me, to which they assured me they would and continued to be very supportive.',
  'Some of us shared anecdotes about our various mental health disorders and issues.'],
 'previous-coworker-mental-health-discussion': ['0.0', '1.0', 'nan', '1', '0'],
 'previous-coworker-mental-health-talk': ['nan',
  'I had an individual that worked with me who confided that he was struggling with his medication and mental health I tried to be supportive and encouraged him to take the time he needed. While on vacation he was let go without my approval (normally I would have had to approve this) which was very difficult for me and the coworker.',
  'Co-workers tend to overshare.',
  'They sometimes ascribed work issues and failures to their depression, ADHD, or medication side effects. One disclosed a condition just prior to separating from our employer.',
  'Informed about depression and ADD, and treatments they had.',
  'A couple of my coworkers would regularly confide in me about their burnout. One would talk (more than I had time for) about his divorce and how it was affecting everything at work.',
  'da',
  'Told me about diagnosis. I believe I was sympathetic.',
  'Same as my previous answer.',
  'few coworkers who feels me close, shared personal prob.',
  'sharing their experience of anxiety and depressions',
  'He explained that he got burned out. Needed to take sick leave. The experience he had was not that great. The company he worked for bought him out (Sweden has work regulations enforced protecting workers not being able to get fired without a lawfull reason)',
  'Someone I supervised shared that they had a substance use problem. I helped connect them to treatment and gave them as much time off for it as I could.',
  'One of the example is a team member who was not able to work at all, coming late and then I discussed the same with his and he told he had a break up and he is not able to move on. He was in such situation where he was not even ready to go for vacation/ break. So I suggested him to joing some hobby classes and gym and he felt better in sometime.',
  'same',
  'Talked about past depression.',
  'My colleagues and I discussed a jr engineer who was having focus and memory problems post a medication change, and how to set them up for success while also protecting service stability',
  'Work stress and family issues',
  'A coworker was going through depression.  They had not realized it and we started having a discussion about what was going on.  But, I realized what was going on, and got them the information on how get the help they needed.  They came back later to think me.',
  'Depression and OCD/personality disorder of a child',
  'They were stressed out about the amount of work given.',
  'same what I said before',
  "Coworkers ask me for resources since I'm familiar with several",
  'told me about how anxiety and panic attacks had affected his first job and how we learned to cope with anxiety in a professional setting',
  '\\',
  'Yes',
  'They just brought it up one day. It was more asking, what was wrong, and then we talked.',
  'Anxiety, FOMO, general discussion',
  'difference of approach',
  'Stress. Feeling overwhelmed.',
  '.',
  'na',
  'Same as before',
  'discussed mental health after returning from maternity leave',
  'She told me about her struggles when I told hers about mine',
  'Disclosed that they had ADHD',
  'dealing with loss, feeling guilty they didnt notice',
  'We were able to tell when we were depressed, but we still showed up to work usually. We talked about how it felt to be at work with suicidal ideations, and the emotional disconnect / dissociation that sometimes happened in that state.',
  'just as not feeling better. not able to focus etc.',
  'A coworker was going through a new depression diagnosis and getting used to their meds. They knew that this was something I talk about and came to me to share their progress and their struggles. Knowing this, I was able to accommodate them at work.',
  'same answer as previous',
  'They felt overwhelmed',
  'shared re anxiety and depression',
  'Talked about struggles with depression, anxiety, alcoholism, etc.',
  'A coworker mentioned in several occasions they were feeling tired, overwhelmed by work and other personal issues.',
  "I would listen, then try and offer advice as to what helps me when I'm going through a rutt.",
  'depression. treatments',
  'General anxiety and fatigue about work',
  'Co-worker discussed their ADHD diagnosis',
  'Same as above. Openness and understanding.',
  'Stress, depression, abusive parents, abuse significant others.. I was very inexperienced so offered support/solidarity and distraction but was unsure what to do next.',
  'He/she told me that he had a burnout and was recovering from it',
  'General chat',
  'Life struggles, relationships',
  'These were former coworkers who talked about struggling with depression/substance abuse *after* we left the company. e.g. Workplace didn\'t tolerate signs of "weakness"',
  'many coworkers have discussed their mental health issues (anxiety, depression, trauma) with me',
  'We helped each other with ADHD coping',
  'Some employee have had burnout. That was a topic in the team to discuss.',
  'He: "Described his symptoms" I: "Go search for a doctor. Like, immediately, please!"',
  'A coworker talked with me about her issues with depression.',
  'We talked about her struggles with depression and how that can manifest in health issues. I asked her if she had ever contemplated suicide and made her promise that she would call me if she ever did.',
  "I don't recall the conversation, except that (s)he was talking about their own issue.",
  'I had been told by one or two people that they do\nsuffer from depression and anxiety. I did not pressure for personal details but tried to make them feel if they wanted to share information about it with me, that they could and know it would be safe (private) and supportive.',
  'Support or commiserate with them',
  'Restless legs syndrom',
  'Most discussions were about anxiety issues or self-diagnosed "OCD."',
  'See the above answer.',
  'Discussed difficult situation at home which was affecting work performance. Suggested they take time off and contact a mental health professional + discuss challenges experienced with direct supervisor.',
  'the same topics before commented, many times plus things like really hard/bad/complex/spaghetti code on other projects',
  'There were several casual conversations about stress levels, anxiety, and depression.  It was generally with closer coworkers.',
  'We are friends, I we talk about it like friends not coworkers',
  'Overall, not good. I really won’t be more specific.',
  'It was a normal conversation',
  'She explained particular feelings of depression and the inability to deal with it. I supported her by offering some time off and encouraged her to see a professional.  A week or so later she explained she had seen a therapist and was making progress.  A few months later she said she felt a large burden had been lifted and she was able to cope much better and thanked me for helping and supporting her.',
  'They needed to leave because of stress, unable to cope.',
  'Understanding. Active listening. Empathy.',
  'i had an employee who abused trust and support and avoided doing their job for two years. their managers were afraid to manage them for fear of being charged with discrimination',
  'Same as previous answers',
  'Sharing anecdotes and supporting each other'],
 'previous-importance-physical-health': ['6.0',
  '10.0',
  'nan',
  '0.0',
  '5.0',
  '2.0',
  '1.0',
  '3.0',
  '8.0',
  '7.0',
  '9.0',
  '4.0',
  '0',
  '5',
  '2',
  '4',
  '10',
  '8'],
 'previous-importance-mental-health': ['0.0',
  '10.0',
  'nan',
  '1.0',
  '4.0',
  '5.0',
  '7.0',
  '3.0',
  '9.0',
  '6.0',
  '8.0',
  '2.0',
  '0',
  '5',
  '4',
  '8',
  '2'],
 'current-mental-health-disorder': ["Don't Know", 'Yes', 'No', 'Possibly'],
 'diagnosed-mental-health': ['nan', 'Yes', 'No'],
 'past-mental-health-disorder': ["Don't Know", 'Yes', 'nan', 'No', 'Possibly'],
 'sought-treatment': ['0', '1'],
 'family-history-mental-illness': ['Yes', "I don't know", 'No'],
 'mental-health-interference-treated': ['Not applicable to me',
  'Never',
  'Often',
  'Rarely',
  'Sometimes'],
 'mental-health-interference-untreated': ['Sometimes',
  'Never',
  'Often',
  'Rarely',
  'Not applicable to me'],
 'observations-mental-health-discussion': ['nan', 'Yes', 'No', 'Maybe'],
 'share-mental-illness': ['5',
  '10',
  '1',
  '0',
  '9',
  '6',
  '8',
  '3',
  '7',
  '2',
  '4'],
 'physical-health-interview': ['Maybe', 'Yes', 'No'],
 'mental-health-interview': ['Maybe', 'Yes', 'No'],
 'open-mental-health': ['0', '1'],
 'mental-health-career': ['nan', '1.0', '0.0'],
 'mental-health-career-effect': ['nan',
  '10.0',
  '1.0',
  '0.0',
  '6.0',
  '2.0',
  '5.0',
  '4.0',
  '7.0',
  '3.0',
  '9.0',
  '8.0'],
 'team-reaction': ['5', '10', '0', '6', '3', '1', '4', '7', '8', '2', '9'],
 'unsupportive-response': ['Maybe/Not sure',
  'Yes, I observed',
  'Yes, I experienced',
  'No',
  "I've always been self-employed"],
 'supportive-response': ['Yes, I experienced',
  'Yes, I observed',
  'Maybe/Not sure',
  'No',
  "I've always been self-employed"],
 'industry-support': ['2', '5', '1', '3', '4'],
 'interview-mental-health': ['0', '1'],
 'age': ['45',
  '24',
  '46',
  '25',
  '5',
  '1',
  '35',
  '34',
  '23',
  '42',
  '54',
  '40',
  '36',
  '30',
  '22',
  '21',
  '63',
  '20',
  '44',
  '26',
  '32',
  '33',
  '38',
  '27',
  '39',
  '50',
  '28',
  '41',
  '29',
  '58',
  '48',
  '37',
  '31',
  '59',
  '53',
  '62',
  '47',
  '52',
  '43',
  '19',
  '51',
  '11',
  '223',
  '57',
  '49',
  '2',
  '65',
  '60',
  '56',
  '61',
  '55',
  '76'],
 'gender': ['Male', 'Female', 'Unknown', 'Non-Binary'],
 'country-live': ['United States of America',
  'Russia',
  'India',
  'Canada',
  'Japan',
  'Ireland',
  'Turkey',
  'Australia',
  'Mongolia',
  'United Kingdom',
  'Cameroon',
  'Pakistan',
  'Brazil',
  'Philippines',
  'Sri Lanka',
  'Poland',
  'Taiwan',
  'Indonesia',
  'Germany',
  'Netherlands',
  'Chile',
  'Portugal',
  'South Africa',
  'Spain',
  'Sweden',
  'Serbia',
  'Egypt',
  'Ukraine',
  'Iceland',
  'Colombia',
  'Malaysia',
  'France',
  'Bangladesh',
  'Italy',
  'Belarus',
  'Macedonia',
  'Slovenia',
  'Albania',
  'Austria',
  'Kenya',
  'Sao Tome and Principe',
  'Vietnam',
  'Switzerland',
  'Finland',
  'Nigeria',
  'Bulgaria',
  'Estonia',
  'Israel',
  'Greece',
  'China',
  'Argentina',
  'Bosnia and Herzegovina',
  'Jordan',
  'Belgium',
  'Lithuania',
  'Somalia',
  'Romania',
  'Peru',
  'New Zealand',
  'Panama',
  'Uruguay',
  'Mexico',
  'Aruba',
  'Denmark',
  'Kazakhstan'],
 'us-state-live': ['Connecticut',
  'nan',
  'Alabama',
  'Minnesota',
  'South Dakota',
  'California',
  'Illinois',
  'New York',
  'Massachusetts',
  'Washington',
  'Florida',
  'Georgia',
  'New Mexico',
  'District of Columbia',
  'Indiana',
  'Michigan',
  'Tennessee',
  'Alaska',
  'Maine',
  'Maryland',
  'Arizona',
  'Oregon',
  'Texas',
  'Utah',
  'Vermont',
  'Wisconsin',
  'North Carolina',
  'Colorado',
  'Kansas',
  'Oklahoma',
  'Pennsylvania',
  'Ohio',
  'Virginia',
  'Nebraska',
  'Iowa',
  'New Hampshire',
  'Idaho',
  'New Jersey'],
 'race': ['White', 'Unknown', 'Asian', 'Multi', 'Black or African American'],
 'other3': ['nan', 'Latino ', 'Latino', 'Latina', 'US Citizen'],
 'country-work': ['United States of America',
  'Russia',
  'India',
  'Canada',
  'Afghanistan',
  'Ireland',
  'Turkey',
  'Australia',
  'Mongolia',
  'United Kingdom',
  'Cameroon',
  'Pakistan',
  'Brazil',
  'Philippines',
  'Sri Lanka',
  'Poland',
  'Taiwan',
  'Indonesia',
  'Germany',
  'Netherlands',
  'Portugal',
  'South Africa',
  'Spain',
  'Sweden',
  'Serbia',
  'Egypt',
  'Finland',
  'Iceland',
  'Colombia',
  'Malaysia',
  'France',
  'Bangladesh',
  'Italy',
  'Belarus',
  'Macedonia',
  'Slovenia',
  'Albania',
  'Austria',
  'Kenya',
  'Vietnam',
  'Switzerland',
  'Nigeria',
  'Bulgaria',
  'Estonia',
  'Israel',
  'Greece',
  'China',
  'Argentina',
  'South Sudan',
  'Jordan',
  'Ukraine',
  'Belgium',
  'Angola',
  'United Arab Emirates',
  'Somalia',
  'Romania',
  'Peru',
  'New Zealand',
  'Panama',
  'Uruguay',
  'Mexico',
  'Armenia',
  'Denmark',
  'Kazakhstan'],
 'us-state-work': ['Connecticut',
  'nan',
  'Alabama',
  'Minnesota',
  'South Dakota',
  'California',
  'Illinois',
  'New York',
  'Massachusetts',
  'Washington',
  'Florida',
  'Georgia',
  'New Mexico',
  'District of Columbia',
  'Indiana',
  'Michigan',
  'Tennessee',
  'Maine',
  'Virginia',
  'Arizona',
  'Oregon',
  'Texas',
  'Utah',
  'Vermont',
  'Wisconsin',
  'North Carolina',
  'Colorado',
  'Alaska',
  'Maryland',
  'Missouri',
  'Oklahoma',
  'Pennsylvania',
  'Ohio',
  'Nebraska',
  'Iowa',
  'New Hampshire',
  'Idaho',
  'New Jersey'],
 'year': ['2020', '2021', '2022', '2023'],
 'start-date': [nan,
  '12/16/2021',
  '12/08/2021',
  '12/04/2021',
  '12/01/2021',
  '11/30/2021',
  '11/28/2021',
  '11/27/2021',
  '11/26/2021',
  '11/25/2021',
  '11/24/2021',
  '11/23/2021',
  '11/22/2021',
  '11/19/2021',
  '11/17/2021',
  '11/16/2021',
  '11/12/2021',
  '11/08/2021',
  '11/02/2021',
  '10/25/2021',
  '10/24/2021',
  '10/18/2021',
  '10/11/2021',
  '10/10/2021',
  '10/07/2021',
  '10/01/2021',
  '09/29/2021',
  '09/28/2021',
  '09/27/2021',
  '09/26/2021',
  '09/25/2021',
  '09/24/2021',
  '09/20/2021',
  '09/19/2021',
  '09/16/2021',
  '09/12/2021',
  '09/08/2021',
  '09/03/2021',
  '08/20/2021',
  '08/14/2021',
  '08/12/2021',
  '08/10/2021',
  '07/27/2021',
  '07/26/2021',
  '07/25/2021',
  '07/19/2021',
  '07/18/2021',
  '07/13/2021',
  '07/04/2021',
  '07/01/2021',
  '06/30/2021',
  '06/29/2021',
  '06/28/2021',
  '06/25/2021',
  '06/24/2021',
  '06/18/2021',
  '06/16/2021',
  '06/13/2021',
  '06/05/2021',
  '06/01/2021',
  '05/27/2021',
  '05/26/2021',
  '05/21/2021',
  '05/19/2021',
  '05/09/2021',
  '05/06/2021',
  '05/04/2021',
  '05/03/2021',
  '04/13/2021',
  '04/03/2021',
  '04/01/2021',
  '03/27/2021',
  '03/08/2021',
  '02/21/2021',
  '02/18/2021',
  '02/10/2021',
  '02/09/2021',
  '02/08/2021',
  '02/06/2021',
  '02/05/2021',
  '02/03/2021',
  '01/31/2021',
  '01/28/2021',
  '01/27/2021',
  '01/25/2021',
  '01/18/2021',
  '01/13/2021',
  '01/12/2021',
  '01/08/2021',
  '01/06/2021',
  '01/04/2021',
  '01/03/2021',
  '01/02/2021',
  '12/25/2022',
  '12/21/2022',
  '12/14/2022',
  '12/07/2022',
  '12/01/2022',
  '11/27/2022',
  '11/24/2022',
  '11/20/2022',
  '11/11/2022',
  '11/04/2022',
  '11/01/2022',
  '10/31/2022',
  '10/14/2022',
  '10/11/2022',
  '09/29/2022',
  '09/28/2022',
  '09/27/2022',
  '09/25/2022',
  '09/21/2022',
  '09/16/2022',
  '09/15/2022',
  '08/30/2022',
  '08/22/2022',
  '08/02/2022',
  '07/29/2022',
  '07/12/2022',
  '07/08/2022',
  '06/29/2022',
  '06/10/2022',
  '06/03/2022',
  '06/01/2022',
  '05/23/2022',
  '05/22/2022',
  '05/14/2022',
  '05/12/2022',
  '05/07/2022',
  '05/04/2022',
  '05/03/2022',
  '05/02/2022',
  '05/01/2022',
  '04/29/2022',
  '04/28/2022',
  '04/27/2022',
  '04/11/2022',
  '04/07/2022',
  '04/02/2022',
  '04/01/2022',
  '03/31/2022',
  '03/30/2022',
  '03/25/2022',
  '03/17/2022',
  '03/16/2022',
  '03/15/2022',
  '03/14/2022',
  '03/11/2022',
  '03/10/2022',
  '03/08/2022',
  '03/06/2022',
  '03/05/2022',
  '03/04/2022',
  '03/03/2022',
  '02/27/2022',
  '02/20/2022',
  '02/17/2022',
  '02/16/2022',
  '02/15/2022',
  '02/14/2022',
  '02/13/2022',
  '02/12/2022',
  '02/09/2022',
  '02/08/2022',
  '02/04/2022',
  '02/01/2022',
  '01/31/2022',
  '01/08/2022',
  '01/02/2022',
  '03/03/2023',
  '03/02/2023',
  '01/04/2023'],
 'submit-date': [nan,
  '12/16/2021',
  '12/08/2021',
  '12/04/2021',
  '12/01/2021',
  '11/30/2021',
  '11/28/2021',
  '11/27/2021',
  '11/26/2021',
  '11/25/2021',
  '11/24/2021',
  '11/23/2021',
  '11/22/2021',
  '11/19/2021',
  '11/17/2021',
  '11/16/2021',
  '11/12/2021',
  '11/08/2021',
  '11/02/2021',
  '10/25/2021',
  '10/24/2021',
  '10/18/2021',
  '10/11/2021',
  '10/10/2021',
  '10/07/2021',
  '10/01/2021',
  '09/29/2021',
  '09/28/2021',
  '09/27/2021',
  '09/26/2021',
  '09/25/2021',
  '09/24/2021',
  '09/20/2021',
  '09/19/2021',
  '09/16/2021',
  '09/12/2021',
  '09/08/2021',
  '09/03/2021',
  '08/20/2021',
  '08/14/2021',
  '08/12/2021',
  '08/10/2021',
  '07/27/2021',
  '07/26/2021',
  '07/25/2021',
  '07/19/2021',
  '07/18/2021',
  '07/13/2021',
  '07/04/2021',
  '07/01/2021',
  '06/30/2021',
  '06/29/2021',
  '06/28/2021',
  '06/25/2021',
  '06/24/2021',
  '06/18/2021',
  '06/16/2021',
  '06/13/2021',
  '06/05/2021',
  '06/01/2021',
  '05/27/2021',
  '05/26/2021',
  '05/21/2021',
  '05/19/2021',
  '05/09/2021',
  '05/07/2021',
  '05/06/2021',
  '05/04/2021',
  '05/03/2021',
  '04/13/2021',
  '04/03/2021',
  '04/01/2021',
  '03/27/2021',
  '03/08/2021',
  '02/21/2021',
  '02/18/2021',
  '02/10/2021',
  '02/09/2021',
  '02/08/2021',
  '02/06/2021',
  '02/05/2021',
  '02/03/2021',
  '01/31/2021',
  '01/28/2021',
  '01/27/2021',
  '01/25/2021',
  '01/18/2021',
  '01/13/2021',
  '01/12/2021',
  '01/08/2021',
  '01/06/2021',
  '01/04/2021',
  '01/03/2021',
  '01/02/2021',
  '12/25/2022',
  '12/21/2022',
  '12/14/2022',
  '12/07/2022',
  '12/01/2022',
  '11/27/2022',
  '11/24/2022',
  '11/20/2022',
  '11/11/2022',
  '11/04/2022',
  '11/01/2022',
  '10/31/2022',
  '10/14/2022',
  '10/11/2022',
  '09/29/2022',
  '09/28/2022',
  '09/27/2022',
  '09/25/2022',
  '09/21/2022',
  '09/16/2022',
  '09/15/2022',
  '08/30/2022',
  '08/22/2022',
  '08/02/2022',
  '07/29/2022',
  '07/12/2022',
  '07/08/2022',
  '06/29/2022',
  '06/10/2022',
  '06/03/2022',
  '06/01/2022',
  '05/23/2022',
  '05/22/2022',
  '05/14/2022',
  '05/12/2022',
  '05/07/2022',
  '05/04/2022',
  '05/03/2022',
  '05/02/2022',
  '05/01/2022',
  '04/29/2022',
  '04/28/2022',
  '04/11/2022',
  '04/07/2022',
  '04/02/2022',
  '04/01/2022',
  '03/31/2022',
  '03/30/2022',
  '03/25/2022',
  '03/17/2022',
  '03/16/2022',
  '03/15/2022',
  '03/14/2022',
  '03/11/2022',
  '03/10/2022',
  '03/08/2022',
  '03/06/2022',
  '03/05/2022',
  '03/04/2022',
  '03/03/2022',
  '02/27/2022',
  '02/20/2022',
  '02/17/2022',
  '02/16/2022',
  '02/15/2022',
  '02/14/2022',
  '02/13/2022',
  '02/12/2022',
  '02/09/2022',
  '02/08/2022',
  '02/04/2022',
  '02/01/2022',
  '01/31/2022',
  '01/08/2022',
  '01/02/2022',
  '03/05/2023',
  '03/02/2023',
  '01/04/2023'],
 'network-id': [nan,
  'f3adc1b78a',
  '49a51b7ac1',
  'f9e26fd31a',
  '73a0e1b4c5',
  'bade27e84d',
  '94a550bf32',
  'b7ab754243',
  '94a641c0dd',
  '59a3ffde6d',
  '5fca839351',
  '5a06714514',
  'ca448a6bfc',
  'aa4930b8e0',
  '72cf04e04b',
  'e0e2349466',
  '8cb0e83610',
  '5cc1eb4f93',
  '4076fc4f3b',
  'ca6a47f858',
  'bb86c97dbc',
  'ca4c13d4f0',
  '6e9eb64b63',
  '155bf78caa',
  'fdfe1a9c0c',
  'e747f790b5',
  '7cd257a9e1',
  '8d24d3b8d3',
  'e2be047b01',
  'dd9f1da867',
  'b460b696b9',
  '2d81f38e75',
  'c9bd11e33c',
  '4ecb7a2a18',
  '8635c6eef7',
  '264ef841d9',
  '4780f1cad5',
  '44e1175902',
  '469aed2e80',
  'ccbf289688',
  '3a03a467ea',
  'd62625b178',
  '67eefb8433',
  'c6389f1dc8',
  '49173af367',
  'a4324f3a3a',
  '24afe0576b',
  'ca4505f0bc',
  '75b5702f1c',
  '9b3e8567f1',
  'eb9223adc7',
  '559d8efac6',
  '9e0332a203',
  'f75de52da4',
  'a6c253ca5d',
  '669b8d5f96',
  'de2c2deb4b',
  '52838780ea',
  'dc962be579',
  'c088d53a53',
  '75845f2126',
  '21bbf9565e',
  '97b5350d78',
  'db94e39479',
  '505201cecc',
  '45b343efed',
  'b51eda5b83',
  '3b6705a56a',
  '74e4911aee',
  '6a7520ca48',
  '79ee865270',
  '50b2b83597',
  'e2ddf2fee9',
  '55512f4d57',
  'cee321b67d',
  'bdd8d88250',
  'bb27ee096c',
  '16c1b59046',
  '1eddfd0df8',
  '6373a103a0',
  '927bc2795a',
  '2c47ff7bf9',
  '9b40a3be6a',
  '7091b70178',
  'a053fcd702',
  '5ea7ad8d8f',
  '2196d36715',
  '74e0c6e6ce',
  '423892d4fa',
  '5bd1a69e8c',
  'e9195bbdf6',
  '20411bc1ee',
  'f794662fbd',
  '9ba6ba987e',
  '8e971cdbb7',
  '1378e35e2a',
  '178b3dd686',
  '26c5db08de',
  'f813de4daf',
  '7640c554fe',
  'b4a42b6033',
  '4767b954ee',
  '05a374f654',
  '2b0f2813d0',
  '683905c16b',
  'd13fc02d6c',
  '1f8170e8d4',
  '8f386735fb',
  'f5a4109f7b',
  '9df64d632e',
  '923045842d',
  '30c8aee15b',
  'da54990568',
  '3e9b7b2fee',
  '7e94b3b509',
  '48105a9b19',
  'a02cab5f45',
  '6981854dd6',
  '99bc9d42b0',
  '0dfdfc08cf',
  '526401d1d7',
  '48d3e8377b',
  'bac44834fb',
  'd9823e1aa2',
  '7a999a0a78',
  '8d0be62e0d',
  'a59c8c1c68',
  '79b71767f4',
  '5c8bc36744',
  'b98fa78f08',
  'abac0832eb',
  '16f9edd3e7',
  'af98dee606',
  'e223d877cb',
  'b2e27a741e',
  '1d324732b0',
  'b4bb50613f',
  '3d9b7aea75',
  '486956f1d1',
  '0738015d33',
  'f59f479248',
  '8195b3ee8c',
  'c321612a0d',
  'd413c1b9e4',
  '79a0832ac0',
  '241004baac',
  '72e91b03fe',
  'c466077225',
  '3ef6412652',
  '264d1bbca6',
  '88246a24cc',
  '2eb6546129',
  '6513c283eb',
  '77b07b6fea',
  '91dd1e60a0',
  'b2daf05e1a',
  '631425f62b',
  'ca8a2c4a7d',
  '4deac2de4e',
  '22c2147b73',
  '11dcafeb7a',
  'e288454272',
  'ee4a67b06f',
  'fbdd924228',
  '54637fe0dc',
  'd57fd319b7',
  'da9dc284ec',
  '31af55bdf7',
  'af7fd40e44',
  '501b1c882a',
  '9bbf288596',
  '8f8c84c164',
  '2edd6a6d0a',
  'd6cf147f3a',
  '3a42f52f55',
  '3f842215db',
  '391f1ec90d',
  '9e139c45a8',
  'b47c39cca4',
  '15022e413f',
  'dbb1848bbe',
  '0433f5790a',
  '59ed41554a',
  '1aaef73e68',
  '07f67d6660',
  '530794dbb1',
  'd9d47f0d74',
  'da3c42feae',
  '5c7e2ac0fe',
  'db39a6f517',
  '940d8cc999',
  '905fc71348',
  'af66be8865',
  '8765fdad5d',
  'd2fc42507a',
  'c5be0a56a2',
  '5278497d1b',
  '63c5e61df8',
  '3efb80e266',
  'e5f6a79a37',
  '3213ec0163',
  'a0c0eee794',
  'dbdac413bf',
  '5297769f60',
  '66c60b9f91',
  '93f336e5c5',
  '50659b0602',
  'df7ffd1bed',
  '9d4b4be09d',
  '695ad4c287',
  'b543b8994b',
  '446ccdab00',
  '2b3e1b44e6',
  '87680f020f',
  '1b339b2471',
  '2c5cadfb3c',
  'c5f924959e',
  '7c0e1f5f55',
  'ed9c8b3930',
  'b93ed281e1',
  'f690dfcebe',
  '20a17bb270',
  '061576f440',
  '0ca3a0792f',
  '94b54112a3',
  'b25df04e80',
  '58fb7d9a78',
  '7332fa5c7e',
  '5d288cf3b2',
  '80aa14b5ed',
  'fe8a0a4095',
  '33c2ef798c',
  '622d3ea929',
  '62f5c9a5d8',
  '71c9982f3f',
  'bee2e97939',
  'a351f9beb3',
  '795763bf56',
  'f4cf6d245c',
  '6fd0d06e59',
  '0f4ea2729a',
  '3762ab180c',
  '3309521d6a',
  'cd02bd2442',
  'ec8906fbf2',
  '3e1794a0d0',
  'bd0b8e1fd2',
  'aa8eefa942',
  'a79b4c621c',
  '96a57c2235',
  '5ce477d5c6',
  'f559823b5a',
  '15940fd226',
  '99ca54172d',
  'd95a4d4f00',
  'f934b3dabe',
  'e876c9ec96',
  'fcd54b6c69',
  'bf6c79be48',
  'f688309e85',
  '267f9c91a8',
  'bff894a87d',
  'eb7ad8e077',
  'b6520a2d27',
  '9bc4a5dd87',
  'fb6feb157f',
  '671d22cda8',
  '4c4260beba',
  'fbbe3880ad',
  '31ddb17077',
  'd80d2d5a4f',
  '665c2b1d6a',
  '56085f1bdf',
  'da3dcc54f2',
  'ea7f46e21b',
  'd13d9cdece',
  '11fd278c94',
  '5efe740bcb',
  'a709692bcf',
  '566edd7cbd',
  '2f77c3670a',
  '8299f45f50',
  'e8cd301426',
  '258872fc5f',
  '71c1bd77cf',
  'd43d387969',
  'bd792cbf1d',
  'baf18a8f19',
  '9539efc338',
  '5129d1b9f3',
  '7eefa5bf1d',
  '3e53e0b9bc',
  'a2ad384509',
  '6dde6a8348',
  '90e5ba7a6a',
  '1a0014e801',
  '92ea1836e3',
  '0e077d2c27'],
 'disorders': ['',
  'Anxiety Disorder',
  'Mood Disorder',
  'Psychotic Disorder',
  'Eating Disorder',
  'ADHD',
  'Personality Disorder',
  'OCD',
  'PTSD',
  'Stress Response Syndromes',
  'Dissociative Disorder',
  'Substance Use Disorder',
  'Addiction',
  'Autism Spectrum Disorder',
  'Not Sure']}